_pages/colophon.md, before:

---
layout: page
title: Colophon
permalink: /colophon/
---

{% assign year = site.time | date: '%y' %}

GlideGuide is copyright &copy; 2023{% unless year == '23' %}–{{ year }}{% endunless %} by Dan Ostler and Joey Day. Of course code samples are fair to copy, but we strongly recommend using them for inspiration only and always refactoring according to your specific needs. We appreciate attribution so far as it makes sense in your context. Republishing whole pages or posts is prohibited without prior permission. All rights reserved.

Posts and pages for the site are built from [Markdown](https://daringfireball.net/projects/markdown/) files using the [Jekyll](https://jekyllrb.com/) static site generator and hosted on [GitHub Pages](https://pages.github.com/). The domain is registered at [Hover](https://hover.com).

Text on the site is presented in the open source typefaces [Source Sans Pro](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Source_Sans) and [Source Code Pro](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Source_Code_Pro) created by Paul D. Hunt and released by Adobe in 2012. Web fonts are used here courtesy of [Adobe Fonts Pro](https://fonts.adobe.com/).

Commit message:

Edit old post + local fonts
Editing an old post for greater accuracy and clarity

Switching to locally hosted font files, yay!

_pages/colophon.md, after:

---
layout: page
title: Colophon
permalink: /colophon/
---

{% assign year = site.time | date: '%y' %}

GlideGuide is copyright &copy; 2023{% unless year == '23' %}–{{ year }}{% endunless %} by Dan Ostler and Joey Day. Of course code samples are fair to copy, but we strongly recommend using them for inspiration only and always refactoring according to your specific needs. We appreciate attribution in whatever way makes sense in your context. Republishing whole pages or posts is prohibited without prior permission. All rights reserved.

Posts and pages for the site are built from [Markdown](https://daringfireball.net/projects/markdown/) files using the [Jekyll](https://jekyllrb.com/) static site generator and hosted on [GitHub Pages](https://pages.github.com/). The domain is registered at [Hover](https://hover.com).

Text on the site is presented in the open source typefaces [Source Sans Pro](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Source_Sans) and [Source Code Pro](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Source_Code_Pro) created by Paul D. Hunt and released by Adobe in 2012. Font files were downloaded from [GitHub › Adobe Fonts](https://github.com/adobe-fonts) and are used here appropriately under the terms of the [SIL Open Font License 1.1](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/SIL_Open_Font_License).
